can you imagine a world where vegans
don't just get on YouTube and I guess
try to you know get popular make money
spread the message by any means
necessary if you imagine a world where
the same vegans get the off of
youtube once in a while receive some
diplomas get their degrees pursue an
education and actually get real
influential jobs and positions out in
the real world imagine a world where
members of the police department in your
local town happen to be vegan imagine a
world where members of your you know
local TV stations radio stations any
kind of influential media company that's
constantly providing content you know
whether through cable or the airwaves or
whatnot imagine if these people happen
to be vegan perhaps the producer of a
major television network in New York
City or Los Angeles happens to be vegan
imagine a world where daycare workers
teachers professors happen to be vegan
imagine a world in the medical field
where medical directors medical
administrators hospital administrators
happen to be vegan and wit that could
lead to the kind of influential
positions that are really going to you
know we are going to need to obtain if
we're going to actually have an impact
on the society imagine if there were
lobbyists in Washington lobbying for um
you know either for vegan companies or
animal you know right rights friendly
companies or lobbying against the meat
dairy industry you know and they happen
to be vegan and they had political
agendas there I think we don't hear
enough about that we don't talk enough
about that and my end goal right now
with my education is I mean I'm also
doing the internship at my local TV /
radio station which is WC NY I'm you
know I'm pulling a lot hours in over
there for just an inch
that just got the position you know it's
free work but I'm working like six six
hours a week over there I'm on the air
I'm on radio no I'm not promoting
veganism uh there is no vegan content
being produced because of my presence
there but seeking a higher position in
that field in that industry and i happen
to be vegan does put me in a better
position to perhaps influenced the type
of advertisement a particular TV or
radio station you know buys the the type
of stories that may be covered you know
let's say I was some kind of producer I
mean this is a wild example well let's
say I was a producer and editor for a TV
news station you know I may have some
kind of influence while you know do we
really want to cover that that story
about that restaurant they serve meat
dairy products you know or hey this
could be a really great story there's a
vegan restaurant in town only one of its
kind you know these are the kind of
things I'm talking about here so I I
think durianrider is wrong on so many
levels I think our most beloved vegan
gurus right now are wrong and flawed on
so many levels to the point where it's
dangerous for what you want to call
maybe resembles a movement which it
doesn't but I'll go with it because you
guys love to use that word movements and
community you know I think it is
dangerous for our image when you got a
guy like durianrider basically telling
people to drop out of university um I
think it is dangerous when you got
people like freelee the banana girl that
you know though she doesn't mean to I
never heard her really talk much about
he hasn't announced going to school much
I mean maybe a few times but whether
intentionally or intentionally she has
spawned all these roads call freely
clones whether they're in Australia
California just these you know skinny
women most of them are very average
looking and they want to kind of live
that life of a vlogger and being vegan
and received some kind of Fame
popularity and eventually money on
YouTube Yoshi spawn these like clones
that may be their only
you know contribution to veganism you
know when we really look back on it five
years from now 10 years from now perhaps
you know they're only contribution will
have been that they discourage people
from getting education and now we have
you know five ten fifteen years later
members of our you know vegan community
that did have the potential to be very
influential and because they did not go
to school and try to make him on youtube
and now there's certain tables are
working at Starbucks or you know
whatever hell they got to do I don't
know how is this gonna look 5 10 15
years from III don't know and I'm only a
merely offering a a different angle okay
and I don't mean this with any hate in
my heart like I said freely was the one
that originally inspired me to go vegan
and I'm sure she's inspired lots of
others go vegan but the same thing with
durianrider but there is definitely
negative consequences that we can
speculate that we can almost for see and
you can kind of see what's going on
right now the the freely clones the
during rider cycling clones and you know
this idea that if we just upload YouTube
content control people in public that's
nothing a lot of people want me to go
troll people in public well is that
really going to make a difference and
may be entertaining for you guys here
you know when you see Joey carbs strong
you know I mean going out in public with
his microphone and you know he thinks
he's making a big difference everything
and that that's great and it may be
entertaining for you or I um you know
what is he really doing with his life
though you know II mean he is a
construction worker I'm not you know not
hating on construction workers but not a
very influential position in life and he
uploads youtube videos um any rides a
bicycle at least that's how he portrays
himself in his vlogs he may be involved
in you know other extracurricular
activities offline that he doesn't he
doesn't show us but this is just what I
get from his channel and you know people
like this are so closed minded that when
I ask these questions and when I call
people out you know they're gonna leave
negative comments on my on my channel
you know Joe and I used to be pretty
tight you know as far as being on
YouTube and
him living in Australia and me in New
York as tight as you can be I guess and
you know completely denounce me not only
in his vlog had his bitch boy glucose
network call me a or
something like that not only did that
but you know denounced me in the comment
sections and it's because they're very
closed-minded people and you know I
don't mean to generalize Adelaide but it
is the Adelaide crowd that I guess
brings this kind of this level of
immaturity negativity you know it's not
every vegan from Adelaide but it is the
vegans that live in Adelaide that's you
know it did start in California and it
didn't start in New York um you know
this started in Adelaide and I don't
know if it's a cultural thing or what I
was talking to my friend last night
through skype and he was explaining to
me that in Australia sport is like very
very it's a priority whether you watch
ports are involved with sports you know
and that's just what people are into
this video is really long and I do
appreciate you listening you'll leave
your comments down below leave your
criticisms down below let me know what
you think I think we as vegans we should
encourage encourage each other to go and
get education to pursue diploma
certificate degrees pursue careers off
of youtube we can do youtube to we can
do social media believe me guys i'm on
youtube and i'm streaming every single
day posting to twitter instagram no I'm
very very into it but raising my social
media profile also gaining a degree you
know an education it puts me in a
different league than somebody like
Jeremy and Ryder freelee the banana girl
vegan gains vegan revolution all these
guys it would it would put me in a
different league and it's going to put
you in a different league as well you
can do the bodybuilding thing you can do
the vegan thing but I'm encouraging you
to like just take a look at it you know
would an education make my life better
if you're serving tables or you
know I don't know building houses
digging ditches on the side of the road
we're going and getting an education
benefit your life whatsoever so thank
you so much for watching this video
leave your comments criticism down below
please do give this video a like because
it really does help me out also I do
stream deley on an app called stream
it's
spelled stre a.m. you can find it in the
app store come hang out with me we can
chat live and as always until next time
may the Stars be lined in your favor
from Earth to infinity